Who told you to listen to me, okay?
Don't make a fuss.
What do you do if you anger the hell group?
Wanting, don't worry.
I can handle this mob
If you want to die, don't take our Ye family with you
And you, Ye Wenting
It's all your fault
I found such an unknown thing
Emotional Intelligence Emotional Intelligence
You have a good relationship with the Hell Group, right?
Can you help me get a kiss?
You can ask me to do anything
Now you can only beg me, it's too late
Float to the big road
Hahaha
Lord Piaoxue
Hey.
What about Lord Piaoxue?
I'm right here.
Lord Piaoxue
Come to Ye's feast today
It's an honor.
That Lord Piaoxue
Today, I offended Mr. Liu of Diyun Group
It's not from our armpits.
It's him it's him
Lord Piaoxue
Don't treat our Ye family like this
Yes, yes.
Lord Piaoxue has nothing to do with our Ye family
Lord Piaoxue
Not this kid
Steal the collections of our celestial organs
And he hit me
Shredded
At the beginning of the deception?
It is. It is.
Can the small one testify?
Means adult you
Poor summer discipline
Please also ask Mr. Shen Haihan
It means my lord, stop talking.
Don't kill
Wronged, what are you wronged for?
This nine-grade Huayang Dan has long been given to others
It has changed hands several times to Mr. Shen
Is also reasonable
Why did you wrong Mr. Shen for no reason?
That's him!
It's all what he told me
Send me this person to the resident cloud group
Never drop medicine
It's adults
Just one day there will be this opportunity to catch me
Is Mr. Shen's handling result appropriate?
OK
He's done.
then he